

Thursday, Oct 09 2025 - 7:00 PM

Slithery and Scaly: Manitoba's Spooky (and not so spooky) Reptiles

with Megan Hamill; Details TBA

Participation: This is a hybrid event! Feel free to come in person to meet Megan and see the talk, or join us via Zoom. Zoom signup form coming soon!


-----------



Thursday, Sep 11 2025 - 7:00 PM

A Buffet for Birds and Butterflies

With Simone Hébert Allard; Details TBA

Participation: This is a hybrid event! Feel free to come in person to meet Simone and see the talk, or join us via Zoom. Zoom signup form coming soon!


-----------



Wednesday, Sep 10 2025 - 7:00 PM

Nature Walk at Riverbank Discovery Centre

Our last evening walk of the season will be at the Riverbank Discovery Centre on September 10th! We'll be looking for a wide variety of wildlife, from prairie and marsh birds, snakes, frogs, and mammals. The walk will be around 2km over a well-maintained path.

Participation: No sign up is required for this event, though there will be a waiver to sign.


-----------



Saturday, Aug 30 2025 - 9:00 AM

Birding Along Langford Trail

A birding trip along the 8km Langford Trail southeast of Neepawa. More details to follow.

Participation: Please complete this short form (https://forms.gle/E4PpwyrWgmgv8pP48) to sign-up for this event. We will email you with specific details a day or so before the event. Car pooling might be available.


-----------



Wednesday, Aug 27 2025 - 7:00 PM

Nature Walk at Assiniboine Food Forest

Join us at the Assiniboine Food Forest in Brandon for a walk along the river and through the trees. We will be walking up to about 2km on the trails. Don't forget your binoculars or camera if you have them!

Parking is available at the Green Spot and at Crow's General Store. Treat yourself to some ice cream after the walk!

Participation: No sign up is required for this event, though there will be a waiver to sign.


-----------



Wednesday, Aug 13 2025 - 7:00 PM

Nature Walk at Brandon Cemetery

We're taking a walk through the Brandon Cemetery, where we will follow the paths looking for any sparrows or warblers that are starting to migrate through the city.

We will meet at the Aberdeen Ave entrance to the cemetery. Limited parking is available in the cemetery, more parking is available across the street next to Canadian Tire. Don't forget your binoculars and camera if you have them! Please be sure to dress for the weather.

Participation: No sign up is required for this event, though there will be a waiver to sign.


-----------



Saturday, Aug 09 2025 - 10:00 AM

Ridge Lines and Brine

Join Dr. Alex Koiter for our fifth annual landscapes of western Manitoba nature walk. Our adventure begins in the Arrow Hills Esker, located north of Oak Lake, where we’ll explore the glacial history of southwestern Manitoba and discover how eskers form and shape unique ecosystems. We will then travel north to the Salt Lake recreational area to learn why some prairie lakes are salty and how this saline environment supports a diverse range of salt-tolerant plants and animals.

We will meet in Brandon at 9am for those who wish to carpool, otherwise at the Arrow Hills Esker at 10am on Saturday, August 9th. The Arrow Hills are approximately a 45 minute drive west of Brandon. After exploring the Arrow Hills Esker, we will head further north (15 minutes) to the Salt Lake recreation area.

This outing involves walking along some uneven ground. Please be prepared, you will need to bring a good pair of walking shoes, sunscreen, bug protection, water, snacks and lunch.

Participation: Please complete this short form (https://forms.gle/ngnhTHfT2rJtvvcEA) to sign-up for this event. We will email you with specific details a day or so before the event. Car pooling might be available.

